Notes grants Author access to entities named in the Author Names field.
The old, Notes 1.x and Notes 2.x Document Author data type is gone in
Notes 3.0 and above.  Instead, there are 3 different data types: Names,
Author Names, and Reader Names.

When you compose a document using a form with a field of data type Names,
the result is an item of TYPE_TEXT (or TYPE_TEXT_LIST) with the NAMES flag
set.  The NAMES flag is the distinguished names flag. At the API level,
the NAMES flag corresponds to the ITEM_NAMES bit in the item flags.

The NAMES flag tells Notes that this field normally contains distinguished
(hierarchical) names.  The Notes editor "cleans up" these otherwise ugly
names to display them.  The cleaned-up version of distinguished names is
known as the "abbreviated" distinguished name.  Internally, however, Notes
still stores these values in un-abbreviated format.

The NAMES flag itself, however, does not make the field an author field.

When you compose a document using a form with a field of data type Author
Names, the result is an item of TYPE_TEXT (or TYPE_TEXT_LIST) with
both the NAMES flag and the READ/WRITE-ACCESS flag set.  As with other
text fields, the SUMMARY flag is also set.  Internally, at the API level,
the READ/WRITE-ACCESS flag corresponds to the ITEM_READWRITERS bit in the
item flags.

The READ/WRITE-ACCESS flag tells Notes that this is an Author field.

Notes takes several actions in response to this author field.  First,
it grants author access to any entity named in the field.  Since this new
author field is TYPE_TEXT or TYPE_TEXT_LIST, it may contain multiple names
and the names may be user names, group names, or servers.

Second, Notes automatically appends the special field $UpdatedBy to any
document that has an author field.  $UpdatedBy is a TEXT_LIST field that
tracks all the users who created or modified a documet.  This preserves
the funcitonality of the Author field of earlier versions of Notes.  Note
that $UpdateBy has the NAMES flag set.  A related change in Notes is
that the @Author function returns the contents of the $UpdatedBy field.

To complete the new capabilities, Notes also introduces the data type
Reader Names.  Fields of this type make text or text list items with the
SUMMARY, NAMES, and READ-ACCESS flags set.  Notes grants reader access
to entities named in a Reader Names field.  Internally, at the API level,
the READ-ACCESS flag corresponds to the ITEM_READERS bit in the item flags.
The Reader Names field does not qualify as an Author field in that it does
not cause Notes to maintain a $UpdatedBy field.
