
         Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes
             Software Development Kit Agreement


IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT
INSTALL THE LOTUS C++ API TOOLKIT PRODUCT BY INSTALLING ANY OR
ALL OR ALL OF THE LOTUS C++ API TOOLKIT PRODUCT FROM THE TOOLKIT
CD MEDIA OR FROM ANY OTHER SOURCE (INCLUDING THE LOTUS WEB SITE).
BY DOING SO,YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT.

Lotus Development Corporation ("Lotus") grants you (an entity or
a person) a non-exclusive right to install and use the Lotus C++-
Language Application Programming Interface for Domino and Notes,
consisting of software and documentation (collectively, the
"Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes"), under the
following conditions:


DEFINITIONS

An "Application" is a computer program or software product
developed using the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes.

A "Notes Client Product" is a client version of any of the
following Lotus Products: Lotus Notes, Lotus Notes Mail, and/or
Lotus Notes Desktop. 

A "User" is a person who, directly or indirectly, sends data to,
receives data from, sends control commands to, or receives
computing services from an Application.

A "Lotus Communications Product" is a Notes Client Product or a
Notes server.


USE

You may install and use the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and
Notes on any number of computers solely for the purpose of
developing Applications.  You may also install copies of the
Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes on a home and/or
laptop computer, provided that only assigned users within your
organization may access such additional copies.  You may make one
copy of the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes for
archival and back-up purposes, but may not use this copy in any
other way.  You may install and use the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for
Domino and Notes within your own organization only.


RESTRICTIONS

You may not:

(1)  Use the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes to
develop an Application that, directly or indirectly, enables
Users to access or share any Lotus Communications Product
interactively, unless each such User is an authorized licensee of
a Notes Client Product;

(2)  Transfer, sell, license, loan, lease or otherwise distribute
the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes, or any component
thereof, to any third party, except as described below; or

(3)  Alter, merge, modify (except as permitted below), adapt,
reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the Lotus C++ API
Toolkit for Domino and Notes, or any portions thereof.

The purpose of these provisions is to restrict Applications that
are intended to: (a) mimic or substitute for the services
provided by a Notes Client Product, or (b) assist any other
computer program that is intended to mimic or substitute for the
services of a Notes Client Product.

Should you have any questions concerning these restrictions,
please contact Lotus at the phone number or address referenced in
the "Exceptions" section below.


EXCEPTIONS TO THE RESTRICTIONS

Lotus will consider exceptions to the restrictions stated above.
If you are interested in obtaining such an exception, please
call 800-782-7876 (in the US) or write to Lotus Development 
Corporation, Business Partner Program, 55 Cambridge Parkway, 
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02142, Attention: API Toolkit License
Exceptions.


SAMPLE AND REDISTRIBUTABLE CODE

You may modify the source code versions of the Sample Programs,
if any, included with the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and
Notes and redistribute such modified source code versions in
compiled, object code form only.  You may also redistribute, as
part of your Application(s), the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino
and Notes software designated as "Redistributable Code."  The
Redistributable Code files, if any, are identified below.  If
you are authorized to redistribute the Sample Code and/or
Redistributable Code (collectively "REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS"),
you must (a) distribute the REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS only in
conjunction with and as a part of your Application(s); (b) not
permit further redistribution of the REDISTRIBUTABLE Components
by your Users; (c) not use Lotus' name, logo, or trademarks to
market your Application(s); and (d) include a valid copyright
notice on your Application(s).

Redistributable Code:  

You may redistribute a single Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino
and Notes shared library file with each Application you develop
that requires one.  The shared library files are located in
platform-specific subdirectories of the C++ API Toolkit lib
directory, and have one of the following filename extensions:
.dll, .a, .so, or .sl.  Other files in the C++ API Toolkit lib
subdirectories, including shared libraries that are not required
by the Application, may not be redistributed.


PRODUCT SUPPORT

For information regarding product support for the Lotus C++ API
Toolkit for Domino and Notes, please contact Lotus Customer
Support.  In the US, call 800-997-0333, outside the US, see the
Lotus Customer Support Web site at http://www.support.lotus.com
for the number of the nearest Support Center.


DISTRIBUTION OF APPLICATIONS

Any distribution of your Application(s) must be under a written
agreement (including shrink wrap agreements) that prohibits
reverse engineering, decompilation or disassembly of the
Application(s) and requires Users of the Application(s) to abide
by the conditions stated in the Restrictions section above.

If you distribute an application programming interface ("API")
developed using this Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes,
then you must distribute such API under a written agreement that
requires the licensees of such API to abide by the restrictions
stated in the Restrictions section above.


TRANSFER OF THE LOTUS C++ API TOOLKIT FOR DOMINO AND NOTES

You may permanently transfer the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino
and Notes, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to someone
else, provided that you do not retain any copies of the Lotus C++
API Toolkit for Domino and Notes and provided you deliver a hard
copy of this Agreement to the recipient.


PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

You acknowledge that under this Agreement you obtain only the
right to use the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes and
that no right, title or interest in or to any copyrights,
trademarks or other proprietary rights relating to the Lotus C++
API Toolkit for Domino and Notes is transferred or licensed from
Lotus to you.  You expressly acknowledge that  all intellectual
property rights in the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes
are owned by Lotus or its suppliers and are protected by United
States and Canadian copyright laws, other applicable copyright
laws, and international treaty provisions.  Lotus retains all
rights not expressly granted in this Agreement.  You may not
remove or alter any copyright notice, trademark or other
proprietary rights notice placed by Lotus on or in the Lotus C++
API Toolkit for Domino and Notes. You may not use any Lotus
trademarks, names or logos except as provided in the Lotus
Developer Guidelines (See General Section below).


LIMITED WARRANTY

The Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes, including the
Development Files and Sample Programs, is provided wholly "AS IS"
without warranty, representation, promise or guarantee of any
kind, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise,
including warranties as to quality, performance, merchantability,
or fitness for a particular purpose, or any warranty against
infringement.  Your use of the Development Files and Sample
Programs in your Application(s) or otherwise is entirely at your
own risk.  No Lotus dealer, distributor, agent or employee is
authorized to make any modification or addition to this warranty.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Because software is inherently complex and may not be completely
free of errors, it is your responsibility to verify your work
and to make backup copies, and Lotus will not be responsible for
your failure to do so.  Lotus shall not incur liability for money
damages for claims by the licensee in connection with the use or
application of the Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes.
In addition, in no event will Lotus be liable for indirect,
special, incidental, tort or consequential damages arising out of
this Agreement or out of the use of or inability to use Lotus
products or services licensed hereunder, including, without
limitation, damages or costs relating to the loss of profits,
business, goodwill, data or computer programs, whether or not
advised or aware of the possibility of such damages.  The
foregoing limitations shall not apply to claims relating to death
or personal injury which arise out of products deemed to be
consumer goods under applicable law.  Some states or provinces do
not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or
limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages,
so the above exclusion or limitation may not apply to you.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS

The Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Domino and Notes are provided with
RESTRICTED AND LIMITED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication, or disclosure
by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in FAR
52.227-14 (June 1987) Alternate III(g)(3) (June 1987), FAR
52.227-19 (June 1987), or DFARS  52.227-7013 (c)(1)(ii) (June
1988), as applicable.  Contractor/Manufacturer is Lotus
Development Corporation, 55 Cambridge Pkwy., Cambridge, MA 
02142.


GENERAL

The export of  Lotus products is governed by the U.S. Department
of Commerce under the export administration regulations and by
Canadian export regulations. The export of the North American
Version of Lotus Notes is governed by the U.S. Department of
State under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations.

For questions concerning this Agreement or to obtain a copy of
Lotus' Developer Guidelines, write to Lotus Development
Corporation, attn: Lotus Business Partner Program, 55 Cambridge
Parkway, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02142.

Printed in the U.S.A.

